RESTART-REDISTRIBUTE TOOL

The restart-redistribute tool is a tool allows a SAMRAI user to take
restart files that came from a run on a certain number of processors and
create a new set of restart files which can be used to launch a restarted
run on a different number of processors.

SAMRAI's restart mechanism works by having each processor write a single
restart file for each restart dump.  The ordinary usage of these restart files
requires that a restarted run be launched on exactly the same number of
processors as was used on the run that created the restart files.  The
restart-redistribute tool is only to be used when a restarted run on a
different number of processors is desired.

The tool is located in the bin directory at the root of the top level
SAMRAI directory or the installation directory.

To use the tool, one must first have a set of restart files that was dumped
from a run of a SAMRAI-based application.  The restart files will be in a
directory tree that looks something like:

restart-dir/restore.000005/nodes.0000008/proc.0000000
                                        /proc.0000001
                                        /proc.0000002
                                        /proc.0000003
                                        /proc.0000004
                                        /proc.0000005
                                        /proc.0000006
                                        /proc.0000007

'restart-dir' is the directory containing all of the restart dumps.
The name of this directory is specified in the input file for the
application.  'restart-dir' contains a set of subdirectories with
names in the format of 'restore.DDDDDD',where the DDDDDD is a a 6-digit
integer that identifies the timestep of the dump. The 'restore.DDDDDD'
subdirectory contains a subdirectory 'nodes.NNNNNNN', where NNNNNNN is a 7
digit integer that specifies the number of processors on which the
application ran.  The 'nodes.NNNNNNN' subdirectory then contains the set
of HDF files containing the restart data.  The HDF files are named
with the format 'proc.PPPPPPP', where PPPPPPP is a 7-digit integer that
indicates the MPI rank of the the processor that wrote the file.

NOTE: If there is more than one 'nodes.NNNNNNN' subdirectory the
resdistribute utility will fail.

The restart-redistribute tool is a parallel tool.  It is parallelized on the
smaller of the number of input files--original number of processors--and the
number of output files--new desired number of processors.  Therefore, you may
run on any number of processors up to, but not greater than, this number.
Running parallel programs is platform dependent.  The following example showing
the usage of the restart-redistribute tool assumes the use of mpirun to launch
parallel programs:

mpirun -np N restart-redistribute INPUT-DIR OUTPUT-DIR TIMESTEP NUM_PROCS_OUT

INPUT-DIR        - the directory containing the restart dumps from a run

OUTPUT-DIR       - the name of the directory to contain new restart files

TIMESTEP         - integer identifier of the timestep of the restart 
		   to be redistributed.

NUM_PROCS_OUT    - the number of processors desired for a new restarted
                   run of the application.

To run the tool on the example given above to redistribute 8 processor restart
files to 16 processor restart file at timestep 5, one could use:

mpirun -np 8 restart-redistribute restart-dir new-restart-dir 5 16

The resulting restart files could then be used to restart the run on
16 procsessors.

NOTE: The restart-redistribute utility is compiled using the compiler
and compile options of the node processors.  For machines where the
host and node are different things means the utilty must be run on the
node processors (e.g. in a batch file).
